tetPolyMesh           = tetPolyMesh
tetPolyBoundaryMesh   = $(tetPolyMesh)/tetPolyBoundaryMesh
tetPolyPatches        = $(tetPolyMesh)/tetPolyPatches
tetPolyPatch          = $(tetPolyPatches)/tetPolyPatch
faceTetPolyPatch      = $(tetPolyPatches)/faceTetPolyPatch
basicTetPolyPatches   = $(tetPolyPatches)/basic
constraintTetPolyPatches = $(tetPolyPatches)/constraint
derivedTetPolyPatches = $(tetPolyPatches)/derived
coupledTetPolyPatch   = $(basicTetPolyPatches)/coupled
coupledFaceTetPolyPatch = $(basicTetPolyPatches)/coupledFace
emptyTetPolyPatch     = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/empty
symmetryTetPolyPatch  = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/symmetry
wedgeTetPolyPatch     = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/wedge
processorTetPolyPatch = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/processor
ggiTetPolyPatch       = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/ggi
cyclicGgiTetPolyPatch = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/cyclicGgi
mixingPlaneTetPolyPatch = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/mixingPlane
globalTetPolyPatch    = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/global
wallTetPolyPatch      = $(derivedTetPolyPatches)/wall
MapTetFemFields       = $(tetPolyMesh)/MapTetFemFields
tetPolyPatchInterpolation = tetPolyPatchInterpolation
tetPolyPatchFields = fields/tetPolyPatchFields
basicTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/basic
constraintTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/constraint
derivedTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/derived
elementPatchFields = fields/elementPatchFields
basicElementPatchFields = $(elementPatchFields)/basic
constraintElementPatchFields = $(elementPatchFields)/constraint
LIB = $(FOAM_LIBBIN)/libtetFiniteElement
